fix: add Hoodi support for l2 example (#2142)
yetanotherco/aligned_layer: examples/l2/README.md

Finally [run the l2](#running-the-l2).

## Setup Hoodi

### 1. Create keystore

You can use cast to create a local keystore. If you already have one you can skip this step.

```bash
cast wallet new-mnemonic
```

Then you can import your created keystore using:

```bash
cast wallet import --interactive <path_to_keystore.json>
```

Then you need to obtain some funds to pay for gas and proof verification.

> You can do this by using this [faucet](https://cloud.google.com/application/web3/faucet/ethereum/hoodi)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can do this by using this [faucet](https://hoodi-faucet.pk910.de/)
```
